capital = 107

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
		}
	}
	set_oob = "YUG_1936"
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_oob = "YUG_1936_nsb"
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "YUG_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "YUG_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "YUG_1936_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			basic_small_airframe = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			aa_lmg = 1
			aa_cannon_1 = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "YUG_1936_air_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = YUG_prince_paul
recruit_character = YUG_milan_stojadinovic
recruit_character = YUG_edvard_kardelj
recruit_character = YUG_josip_broz_tito
recruit_character = YUG_vladimir_Cukavac
recruit_character = YUG_ivan_gosnjak
recruit_character = YUG_danilo_kalafatovic
recruit_character = YUG_milutin_nedic
recruit_character = YUG_petar_kosic
recruit_character = YUG_marijan_polic
recruit_character = YUG_borivoje_mirkovic
recruit_character = YUG_dusan_simovic
recruit_character = YUG_draza_mihailovic
recruit_character = YUG_mihajlo_lukic
recruit_character = YUG_bogoljub_ilic
recruit_character = YUG_petar_vukcevic
recruit_character = YUG_ljubomir_maric
recruit_character = YUG_arso_jovanovic
recruit_character = YUG_slobodan_jovanovic
recruit_character = YUG_milovan_djilas
recruit_character = YUG_milan_nedic
recruit_character = YUG_ivan_ribar
recruit_character = YUG_dimitrije_ljotic
recruit_character = YUG_ivo_lola_ribar
recruit_character = YUG_peter_ii
recruit_character = YUG_dusan_letica
recruit_character = YUG_vladko_macek
recruit_character = YUG_aleksandar_rankovic
recruit_character = YUG_milos_trifunovic
recruit_character = YUG_milan_grol
recruit_character = YUG_maksimilijan_bace
recruit_character = YUG_mosa_pijade
recruit_character = YUG_miha_krek
recruit_character = YUG_milan_gorkic
recruit_character = YUG_bogoljub_jevtic
recruit_character = YUG_drago_marusic
recruit_character = YUG_mehmed_spaho
recruit_character = YUG_anton_korosec 
recruit_character = YUG_otokar_kersovani
recruit_character = YUG_srdan_budisavljevic
recruit_character = YUG_ljubomir_davidovic
recruit_character = YUG_jovan_naumovic
recruit_character = YUG_dragisa_vasic
recruit_character = YUG_mladen_zujovic
recruit_character = YUG_stevan_moljevic
recruit_character = YUG_zivko_topalovic
recruit_character = YUG_nikola_stankovic
recruit_character = YUG_milos_savcic
recruit_character = YUG_blazo_jovanovic
recruit_character = YUG_peko_dapcevic
recruit_character = YUG_milutin_moraca
recruit_character = YUG_rodoljub_colakovic
recruit_character = YUG_slavko_rodic
recruit_character = YUG_koca_popovic


add_ideas = {
	anti_german_military
	YUG_regional_problems
	YUG_croatian_opposition_2
	YUG_prince_regent_paul
	YUG_agrarian_economy
}

add_timed_idea = {
	idea = YUG_legacy_of_alexander_i
	days = 730
}

	#YUGOSLAV ARMY MODIFIER
	
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_military_leader_cost_factor = 0.5 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_max_planning = 0.1 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_max_command_power_mult = 0.05 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_cat_grand_battle_plan_cost_factor = -0.1 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_max_dig_in_factor = 0.05 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_army_attack_factor = -0.1 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_army_org_factor = -0.1 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_command_power_gain_mult = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_high_command_cost_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_army_defence_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_dig_in_speed_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_conscription = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_army_sub_unit_infantry_attack_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_army_artillery_attack_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_army_artillery_defence_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_motorized_attack_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_motorized_defence_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_army_armor_attack_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_army_armor_defence_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_army_speed_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_mechanized_attack_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_cavalry_attack_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_army_armor_speed_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_breakthrough_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_army_core_defence_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_supply_consumption_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_supply_node_range = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_planning_speed = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_army_leader_start_planning_level = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_production_speed_bunker_factor = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_special_forces_cap = 0 }
	set_variable = { YUG_army_modifier_special_forces_attack_factor = 0 }
	
	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = YUG_yugoslav_army_dynamic_modifier }
	

	add_opinion_modifier = { 
		target = GRE
		modifier = BFTB_balkan_pact_ally
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = { 
		target = ROM
		modifier = BFTB_balkan_pact_ally
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = { 
		target = TUR
		modifier = BFTB_balkan_pact_ally
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = { 
		target = BUL
		modifier = BFTB_balkan_pact_enemy
	}
	add_opinion_modifier = { 
		target = HUN
		modifier = BFTB_balkan_pact_enemy
	}

set_technology = {
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
}

1939.1.1 = {

	add_ideas = {
		limited_conscription
	}
	if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Death or Dishonor"
	}
	add_ideas = {
		YUG_idea_foreign_capital
		YUG_idea_expanded_mining_industry
		YUG_license_production
		YUG_idea_orthodox_church_support
	}
}

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	
	if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Death or Dishonor"
	}
		complete_national_focus = YUG_western_focus
		complete_national_focus = YUG_industrialization_program
		complete_national_focus = YUG_friendship_treaty_with_italy
		complete_national_focus = YUG_attract_axis_capital
		complete_national_focus = YUG_expand_the_mining_industry
		complete_national_focus = YUG_develop_civilian_industry
		complete_national_focus = YUG_evolution
		complete_national_focus = YUG_army_modernization
		complete_national_focus = YUG_mountain_brigades
		complete_national_focus = YUG_modernize_the_air_force
		complete_national_focus = YUG_purchase_foreign
		complete_national_focus = YUG_license_production 
		complete_national_focus = YUG_fighter_license 
		complete_national_focus = YUG_rare_minerals_exploitation
		complete_national_focus = YUG_establish_the_banovina_of_croatia
		complete_national_focus = YUG_ban_slovene_nationalist_parties
		complete_national_focus = YUG_concessions_for_macedonians
		complete_national_focus = YUG_small_arms 
		complete_national_focus = YUG_domestic_artillery_production
		complete_national_focus = YUG_expand_the_serbian_shipyards
	}
	
	if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Death or Dishonor" }
	}
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	}
	if = {
		limit = { NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" } }
		set_oob = "YUG_1939"
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" } 
		set_oob = "YUG_1939_nsb"
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
			set_naval_oob = "YUG_1939_naval_mtg"
		else = {
			set_naval_oob = "YUG_1939_naval_legacy"
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
			set_air_oob = "YUG_1939_air_bba"
			set_technology = {
				engines_2 = 1
			}
		else = {
			set_air_oob = "YUG_1939_air_legacy"
			set_technology = {
				fighter1 = 1
				early_bomber = 1
				tactical_bomber1 = 1
				CAS1 = 1
				naval_bomber1 = 1
			}
		}
	}

	set_technology = {
		interwar_artillery = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		support_weapons = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1
		sup_delay = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		oil_processing = 1
		construction1 = 1
		concentrated_industry = 1
	}
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		set_technology = {
			basic_destroyer = 1
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_technology = {
			basic_light_battery = 1
		}
	}
}

set_convoys = 10
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.5.3"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 15
	fascism = 10
	communism = 15
	neutrality = 60
}

1939.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1938.12.1"
		election_frequency = 36
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = { # Will get +7 from Italian focus: Potential Allies in the Balkans
		democratic = 10
		fascism = 20
		communism = 10
		neutrality = 60
	}
}
set_stability = 0.6

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Ikarus IK-2" #
		type = small_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = aircraft_cannon_1_1x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Dubrovnik Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 1
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 1
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Dalmacija Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			ship_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_armor_upgrade = 1
			ship_gun_upgrade = 1
		}
	}

}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Hrabri Class"				
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = YUG_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Dubrovnik Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = YUG_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	# Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Dalmacija Class"				
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
		name_group = YUG_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}

# 1939 Start #
1939.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ikarus IK-3" #
			type = small_plane_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = aircraft_cannon_1_1x
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		# Ship variants #
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		# Destroyers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Beograd Class"	
			type = ship_hull_light_2
			name_group = YUG_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
		}
	}
}